[Music]
hey motherfuckers stop stop no no no no
no no no no no no you don't fucking
fight at my show you asshole who say
who's that right there let me see him
who's fighting right now
who's fighting let me see him is that
fucking guy in the striped shirt right
there
hey motherfucker look at you Hey look at
me Hey in the striped shirt look at me
right here motherfucker
look at me look at me get the fuck out
of my shell right now get the fuck out
get the fuck out of my show get the fuck
out of my show right now
you don't come to my show and fight you
come to my show and fucking dance you
asshole
[Applause]
[Music]
that guy's gone
to detect the five people that are
saying I see stars out of here please
[Applause]
suck up the people that are too afraid
to say anything but then I see you I see
you check these little fuckers out like
they're the shirks on their fucking
faces right there get the fuck out of
here
please go get the fuck out of here
[Applause]
the show yeah there you go
if you can't respect the lady's respect
the girls won't get out period are you
happy now
you made a fucking spectacle in yourself
it's lumpy cloud are you happy
put that on YouTube there you go get the
fuck out
so we've been doing this jump you guys
made a lot of money to come and see us
today and I don't want to stand here in
the dark
I mean part of the whole Megadeth show
is not smiling and making a connection
with you get the fuck out of here get
this guy out of here
[Applause]
[Music]
it's okay
wanna be kicked out
[Applause]
oh this guy get the fuck
get the fuck out of here
[Music]
hey do me one favor though don't throw
any shit at me do you throw something at
me I'm not so sick that I can't go down
there and beat the fucking shit out of
you you know I'm sad
hey you you you fucking pussy
motherfucker I will fuck you up
come on up here put your fucking ass up
here you're so stupid you'll come up
here lift them up so I can kick them in
the fucking face back to your mom's
house - 12 year-old Nicholas fucking
turd and his friends do you want to
throw something - are you all cool you
all good yeah you you know this dickless
fucking turnouts no friends anyways
[Applause]
[Music]